>> Jafar Husain: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I just have a
quick question.
Would it even make sense
to have a hot observable or
have a set timeout as a hot observable?
Is that even possible?
>> Jafar Husain: Yeah, we could.
Anybody have an idea how we could modify
this to make it a hot observable?
So, well, you're asking us two questions,
is it possible?
And does it make sense?
Is it possible?
Absolutely.
Does it make sense?
Probably not.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Jafar Husain: But you know what?
Let's try it,
cuz that's what learning is, right?
And what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna pull this out, right?
>> Jafar Husain: And
this is a little harder
without first talking to
you guys about subjects.
But we can think about how we might
accomplish something like this.
So if I pull this out and run it when we
call time out, this isn't gonna work.
Why is it not gonna work
as it is right now?
>> Speaker 2: You don't have access to
observer within the, [INAUDIBLE] Function.
>> Jafar Husain: Why?
The observer is defined here, right?
Not up here, right?
But what I could do is I could create,
>> Jafar Husain: A function.
Let's create a Boolean variable.
>> Jafar Husain: Right?
And when you subscribe,
>> Jafar Husain: I can say if (fired ===
true), then observer.next(); right?
And observer.complete();
>> Jafar Husain: And
I'm gonna create a handle for
our observer, which we don't have yet.
>> Jafar Husain: And
then once I get the real observer,
I'm gonna assign it to this placeholder.
>> Jafar Husain: So
we're gonna see why that's gonna work.
So we create a little Boolean that tells
us, hey, has this fired yet, right?
And then once this fires,
we set it to true.
If somebody decides to subscribe later,
we just check if it's fired, and
then we send it to them, right?
But if they come in before it's fired,
they just set this placeholder to
their real observer, and then when we
come in, we fire at it, make sense?
So technically the interesting thing
is this is still a cold observable.
Why is it a cold observable?
>> Speaker 2: Cuz the values
are the same on both next and complete.
>> Jafar Husain: Well
the point is you're close,
we're never gonna miss the notification,
right?
No matter what happens, whenever we
subscribe, we're always gonna get
the notification cuz we're remembering,
restoring, that we've actually fired.
If I was to do something simple like this,
though.
>> Jafar Husain: Now we're not
a cold observable anymore, right?
Now we've got erase, unless we
subscribe before the timeout fires,
we're gonna miss it, and
now we're hot observable.
Does everybody understand the difference
between a cold and hot observable, right?
So the answer to, why would I
wanna create erase though, right?
That's the question, right?
I mean, why create a erase if you
don't have to create a erase?
So, that's why I probably wouldn't
view timeout as a hot observable.
Make sense?
Now there might be some cases where
we do want a hot observable, and
we'll get into those later I think.